doc: Update map rn 23.04.1 with missing entries (#2486)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Editor] Fixed an issue that makes duplicated containers pointing to the same view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Editor] Fixed an issue that made duplicated containers point to the same view.
```

- [Editor] Fixed a bug where empty metric min or max prevented users from saving a map.
- [Editor] Fixed metric links when no metric name was filled in.

> - [Install] Fixed a documention link for Mapbox account linkage in configure.sh installation script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] Fixed a documentation link for Mapbox account linking in configure.sh installation script.
```
